$include /etc/inputrc
set bell-style                      none
set bind-tty-special-chars          off
set blink-matching-paren            on
set colored-completion-prefix       on
set colored-stats                   on
set completion-ignore-case          off
set completion-prefix-display-length 0
set echo-control-characters         off
set editing-mode                    emacs
set enable-bracketed-paste          on
set expand-tilde                    off
set mark-directories                on
set mark-modified-lines             off
set mark-symlinked-directories      on
set match-hidden-files              off
set menu-complete-display-prefix    on
set show-all-if-ambiguous           off
set show-all-if-unmodified          on
set skip-completed-text             off
set visible-stats                   off

# Use Up/Down for partial history search
"\e[B": history-search-forward
"\e[A": history-search-backward

# M-Del to delete next word forward
"\033[3;3~": shell-kill-word

# M-F11 to null (nested tmux config)
"\033[23;3~": ""

# M-F12 to null (nested tmux config)
"\033[24;3~": ""

# C-M-PgUp to null (nested tmux config)
"\033[5;7~": ""

# C-M-PgDown to null (nested tmux config)
"\033[6;7~": ""
